" The first chants of Dhoni-Dhoni!" says a relieved Kaushik who's made it into the stadium at last. Meanwhile, the opening ceremony is about to begin in front of a packed crowd. Didn't expect to see so much yellow in Motera! No matter whatever the stadium may be, CSK fans are the majority :) "More yellow than blue in this stadium that's now almost 90% full," confirms Kaushik. "A volunteer, possibly on instruction from some Titans marketing guy, is frantically distributing Blue Titans flag, even to those wearing the CSK kits! Job pressure." Whatever their team colour, the crowd is currently singing along with Arijit Singh. Rivalries aside for now. Hari agree with that, but there is definitely an exception in Chinnaswamy Stadium. Its all a red wave there. The most successful captain of India vs the future captain of India..The Ahmedabad crowd is on the threshold of Indian cricket. Okay, let's get to the match on hand shall we. Nikhil Jadhav will take you through how these two teams stack up.Two teams packed with quality all-rounders and proven perfomers over several seasons will face-off in the inaugural game of the season at the Narendra Modi Stadium, Ahmedabad. Gujarat Titans - the defending champions of IPL are ready to take on four-time IPL winners - Chennai Super Kings in front of their home crowd. The same venue where India and Australia played a Test match in the presence of their respective Prime Ministers not so long ago. Moeen Ali, Ben Stokes, Ravindra Jadeja - CSK have got a bank of reliable all-rounders, but for the Titans, it will be their captain - the ultimate game changer - Hardik Pandya, who will be raring to go once again. Not only did he play a crucial role in Gujarat's triumph as an all-rounder, but he also proved his mettle as a leader. Assembling a team from scratch and winning the tournament like IPL in their first ever attempt, hats-off to Gujarat's achievement.  There were different players who stepped in for Gujarat in different scenarios, and braved them out of trouble every single time. Will Pandya and his boys manage to repeat their heroics. Only time will tell.. "Looks like a belter of a wicket, there's a bit of grass covering on it, the surface is nice and hard. It has some good pace and bounce in it. The new ball might nip around a bit, so the opening batters will have a little bit of work cut out. The square boundaries are comparatively shorter as compared to the straighter ones. A great cricket surface and the outfield looks magnificent. The batters need to put up a good score on the board," reckons Simon Doull. Having a Law exam tomorrow !!!! but who cares thinking of studying late at night and now just wanting to enjoy IPL ujjwal ,Hari : Habibi , come to Wankhede..!! #WeBleedBlue Huge roar from the crowd as MS Dhoni is seen on the big screen, grooving to the tunes of Arijit who is now on a car doing a lap around the stadium. Imagine the noise when Dhoni takes the field. It's mad out there. vijay, study bro, that exam might decide ur life, all this is nothing but entertainment, keep this your last preference MS showed on camera for just a few seconds and crowd went crazy. Arijit Singh wondering what just happened. :D The performances are done, and it's time to welcome the captains on stage. And just listen to this. Massive roar as Dhoni makes his entry on top of a cart shaped like a chariot. Same for Pandya. They now pose in front of the trophy along with the BCCI office-bearers and other performers. Fireworks go off. With that, the opening ceremony is done. Time for cricket.Toss will take place at 7.10pm. Dhoni and Pandya are already in the middle, greeting the match referee Javagal Srinath. Dhoni is now handed a couple of sheets with the lineups depending on how the toss goes, and he's going through them.Right, time for the toss. Dhoni calls heads, it's a tailsnan We'll bowl first. It's always good to play here. New start, new season, quite exciting. Almost everyone in the country has got motivation from him (Dhoni). Been a fan and admirer of him. Want boys to enjoy it. Result will take care of itself. It's different - I've left it in the coach. Ashu pa works all night on what needs to be done. I don't know (combination for today). Were also looking to bowl. Looks a good wicket and I don't think it will change. Don't know if there will be dew because it rained last night. You want to play in front of people. This stadium is twice the capacity of other stadiums. Fantastic atmohsphere. Preparation was good. We assembled quite early. It's a luxury to have (impact player). It becomes slightly easy to take the decision because you can use it at any time. Influence of allrounder has become slightly less because of the rule. (Playing XI): Devon Conway, Ruturaj Gaikwad, Moeen Ali, Ben Stokes, Ambati Rayudu,  Shivam Dube, Ravindra Jadeja, MS Dhoni(w/c), Mitchell Santner, Deepak Chahar, Rajvardhan Hangargekar (Playing XI): Wriddhiman Saha(w), Shubman Gill, Kane Williamson, Hardik Pandya(c), Vijay Shankar, Rahul Tewatia, Rashid Khan, Mohammed Shami, Joshua Little, Yash Dayal, Alzarri Josephnan Excited to see the teams tactical thinking being put to the test and possibly out of their comfort zone with the Impact player rule.The two teams walk out side by side, and then line up next to each other for the national anthem Tushar Deshpande, Subhranshu Senapati, Shaik Rasheed, Ajinkya Rahane, Nishant Sindhu B Sai Sudharsan, Jayant Yadav, Mohit Sharma, Abhinav Manohar, KS Bharat "I did not see Captain's naming Impact Player's names during the toss. Is the impact player rule there in this IPL?" -- Impact player will be chosen from the five subs that are namednanAll set for play. Mohammed Shami has the ball, and facing him is Conway. Two slips in place. Here's Shami from round the wicketnannan