 A familiar story for Gujarat Titans, in so many ways as they start their title defence on a winning note. Earlier in the day, Ruturaj Gaikwad played a classy innings to get everyone excited about the IPL. He fell eight short of a hundred, but his efforts helped CSK post 178 for the first innings. In reply, Gujarat got off to a flier as the first ever impact substitute Tushar Deshpande was shown the roof by Wriddhi Saha. His cameo ended within the powerplay, but that set the tone for the innings. Shubman Gill took on the role of the anchor, and played a few expansive shots here and there, as the rest accelarated. GT got handy contributions from their impact substitute Sai Sudharshan - who came on for an injured Williamson, and Vijay Shankar. They lost two quick wickets at the death as CSK's debutant Hangargekar impressed with a three-fer, but who else but Rahul Tewatia to seal the game with his trademark finishing cameo? And not to forget that six and four from Rashid Khan who continues to be a thorn with the bat as well. Now on the presentations... A familiar story for Gujarat Titans, in so many ways as they start their title defence on a winning note. Earlier in the day, Ruturaj Gaikwad played a classy innings to get everyone excited about the IPL. He fell eight short of a hundred, but his efforts helped CSK post 178 for the first innings. In reply, Gujarat got off to a flier as the first ever impact substitute Tushar Deshpande was shown the roof by Wriddhi Saha. His cameo ended within the powerplay, but that set the tone for the innings. Shubman Gill took on the role of the anchor, and played a few expansive shots here and there, as the rest accelarated. GT got handy contributions from their impact substitute Sai Sudharshan - who came on for an injured Williamson, and Vijay Shankar. They lost two quick wickets at the death as CSK's debutant Hangargekar impressed with a three-fer, but who else but Rahul Tewatia to seal the game with his trademark finishing cameo? And not to forget that six and four from Rashid Khan who continues to be a thorn with the bat as well. Now on the presentations... Felt pretty good. Little bit disappointed with myself for getting out. But getting off to a good start is very important for the team. Definitely makes a difference when you've got runs under your belt at International level. Wicket is so good as a batsman. Don't have to overhit, just have to time it well and it flies. No specific roles given to us. It's just about who gets set. We have to play the situation. Today we were chasing not a very high score, but a high-ish total. So the intent from Wriddhi bhai was to get as many runs as possible in the powerplay. Felt pretty good. Little bit disappointed with myself for getting out. But getting off to a good start is very important for the team. Definitely makes a difference when you've got runs under your belt at International level. Wicket is so good as a batsman. Don't have to overhit, just have to time it well and it flies. No specific roles given to us. It's just about who gets set. We have to play the situation. Today we were chasing not a very high score, but a high-ish total. So the intent from Wriddhi bhai was to get as many runs as possible in the powerplay. We all knew there will be dew. We could have done a bit more with the batsman ship. Ruturaj (Gaikwad) was brilliant, he times the ball well and he's a pleasure to watch. The way he picks his options, it is pleasing to watch. I think it's important for the youngsters to step in. I think Raj  (Hangargekar) has pace and he will get better with time. Think the bowlers will get better, a no-ball is something that's in your control, so you need to work on that. I felt two left armers will be a better option so I went ahead with them. Shivam was an option, but I felt comfortable with the bowlers overall. We all knew there will be dew. We could have done a bit more with the batsman ship. Ruturaj (Gaikwad) was brilliant, he times the ball well and he's a pleasure to watch. The way he picks his options, it is pleasing to watch. I think it's important for the youngsters to step in. I think Raj  (Hangargekar) has pace and he will get better with time. Think the bowlers will get better, a no-ball is something that's in your control, so you need to work on that. I felt two left armers will be a better option so I went ahead with them. Shivam was an option, but I felt comfortable with the bowlers overall.nannannannan Obviously very happy. We did put ourselves in a difficult situation but Rahul and Rashid did very well. We were happy at the mid-innings because at one point they looked like getting 200, but we got those couple of wickets to pull things back. Having this Impact rule makes my job difficult. I have too many options, and because of this someone will bowl less. This game I realised bowling hard lengths was the way to go, that's why Alzarri bowled late. Having Rashid is a real asset, he will get you wickets and get you some runs late down the order as well. But today my shot and Shubman's shot wasn't the best, we need to do better to ensure we don't put the responsibility on these guys lower down. Obviously very happy. We did put ourselves in a difficult situation but Rahul and Rashid did very well. We were happy at the mid-innings because at one point they looked like getting 200, but we got those couple of wickets to pull things back. Having this Impact rule makes my job difficult. I have too many options, and because of this someone will bowl less. This game I realised bowling hard lengths was the way to go, that's why Alzarri bowled late. Having Rashid is a real asset, he will get you wickets and get you some runs late down the order as well. But today my shot and Shubman's shot wasn't the best, we need to do better to ensure we don't put the responsibility on these guys lower down. So happy to get this crucial Man of the Match. Will give me a lot of the energy for the rest of the competition. I try to do my best in all three formats, and give it all in the practice sessions. The plan is hard to bowl to lefties, but the idea was to keep it tight and I knew in my mind that if I keep it simple and get two wickets, we will be back in the game. I knew if I kept it simple we will get the results. ( On