 back in the game. I knew if I kept it simple we will get the results. ( On batting improvement) It is all thanks to the time we spend in the nets, and the confidence given to me by the coaching staff and captain Hardik. I've been batting a lot and the results are there to see. So happy to get this crucial Man of the Match. Will give me a lot of the energy for the rest of the competition. I try to do my best in all three formats, and give it all in the practice sessions. The plan is hard to bowl to lefties, but the idea was to keep it tight and I knew in my mind that if I keep it simple and get two wickets, we will be back in the game. I knew if I kept it simple we will get the results. ( On batting improvement) It is all thanks to the time we spend in the nets, and the confidence given to me by the coaching staff and captain Hardik. I've been batting a lot and the results are there to see.That concludes a very entertaining IPL opener. A sense of deja vu as GT find a way to win these tight games with their iceman Rahul Tewatia delivering in the end. And Shubman Gill giving them a good start, and how can we ever look beyond the consistency of Rashid Khan. A sense of deja vu for CSK as well as their death bowling continues to haunt them. Has it really been one year since the last IPL? Because not much has changed... Let's see what further similarities we get in tomorrow's double header, starting with a game between Punjab Kings and KKR. For now, this is  signing off on behalf of  and  That's all from the IPL 2023 opener. Ciao!That concludes a very entertaining IPL opener. A sense of deja vu as GT find a way to win these tight games with their iceman Rahul Tewatia delivering in the end. And Shubman Gill giving them a good start, and how can we ever look beyond the consistency of Rashid Khan. A sense of deja vu for CSK as well as their death bowling continues to haunt them. Has it really been one year since the last IPL? Because not much has changed... Let's see what further similarities we get in tomorrow's double header, starting with a game between Punjab Kings and KKR. For now, this is  signing off on behalf of  and  That's all from the IPL 2023 opener. Ciao!