 Hardik Pandya to Gaikwad, , back of a length around middle, and it's been clipped away beautifully by Gaikwad! He hangs back and shows lovely wristwork to get it purring through midwicket Hardik Pandya to Gaikwad, , lovely drive on the up for four! Slightly fuller than a good length just outside off, not a bad ball but Gaikwad gets forward and hits it crisply through pointShami to Conway,  Bowled!!  who has made a mess of the stumps! Full, fast, slanted in from round the wicket. And it's a very loose drive from Conway. His front foot doesn't go anywhere, the ball nips in sharply, goes through the gate and clatters into middle and off.  Joshua Little to Gaikwad, ,  Short of length into the body, Gaikwad swivels across and pulls it over short fine. It sails over the ropes  Joshua Little to Gaikwad, , now he offers width and gets slapped through point! This absolutely flew off Gaikwad's bat! 10 off the first two balls of the over Joshua Little to Moeen Ali, , this takes the splice and still goes for four, adding to Little's misery! Back of a length just outside off, Moeen goes hard on the drive but it climbs on him to hit high on the bat. No timing on it. However, once it finds the gap through point, the ball races awayShami to Moeen Ali, ,  Good length just outside off, Moeen doesn't move his feet much - if at all - as he goes for the drive, and creams it through extra cover Shami to Moeen Ali, , ! Pitched up in the slot just outside off, Moeen clears the front leg, has a hefty swing and powers it over the ropes  Shami to Moeen Ali, , back of a length around middle, not all that short but Moeen is still able to pull it through midwicket  Rashid Khan to Moeen Ali, no run,  Again he misses a sweep and this time there's no bat involved. But it has pitched outside leg stump ever so slightly. The decision is reversed!  Rashid Khan to Moeen Ali, , dances down, isn't quite to the pitch of this googly but goes through with the shot! And he's somehow able to nail it right off the middle! What a powerful blow down the ground. Rashid stuck his hand out for the catch but the ball was already past him  Rashid Khan to Moeen Ali,  Caught by Saha!! Gone! Saha just about hangs onto it! Full outside off, Moeen swings hard looking to go over extra cover but edges it behind as Rashid strikes right back after the boundary.   Hardik Pandya to Gaikwad, , nowhere near the middle from Gaikwad but it hits the cushions on the full! Pitched up just outside off, Gaikwad seems to be early through the lofted drive and gets it close to the bottom. Still goes for six over extra cover. Oh wait, the umps seem to be checking whether it touched the spider-cam cables on the way. Would be a dead-ball if it did. It's hard to figure it out from the replays and it looks like the six will stand  Hardik Pandya to Gaikwad, , six more, and this goes much further! Full outside off, Gaikwad swings through the line, has a bigger flourish than the previous shot and hits it over the long-off boundary  Hardik Pandya to Gaikwad, no run, ! He taps this in front of cover and charges for a single, only for Stokes to send him back after taking a few steps down. Gaikwad was already halfway down the pitch. The fielder has a shy and misses Rashid Khan to Stokes, , quite full outside off at 96.6kph, Stokes initially back away, then has to reach out and nearly falls over in doing so. But he somehow still generates a lot of power to hammer it down the ground!  Rashid Khan to Stokes,  Caught by Saha!! Definite edge there. Yes the finger goes up. Stokes is undone as he misjudges length, and goes back to a leg-break he should've been forward to. It's pushed through flat just outside off, Stokes tries punching it through cover but it skids through sharply, taking a nick to the keeper. Another good catch from Saha.   Alzarri Joseph to Gaikwad, , 141.5kph, full delivery slanted into the pads, and Gaikwad effortlessly picks it up and flicks it away for six over long leg! He's just in sublime touch out there!  Alzarri Joseph to Gaikwad, ,  for Gaikwad who sends another one into the stands! The crowd erupts in applause, as do his CSK teammates! Back of a length around the waist, Gaikwad stands tall and pulls it right off the middle. It goes deep into the crowd over square leg  Alzarri Joseph to Gaikwad, , another delivery that's on the shorter side but not short enough to trouble Gaikwad! It's neither here nor there, sits up around the tummy and Gaikwad pulls it high in the air. Don't think he middled it like the previous one, but it still goes the distance over square leg  Joshua Little to Gaikwad, , massive six! He's feasting on this length! Short of length delivery around the chest, Gaikwad swivels across and whacks the pull away over square leg. And it travels a long way! It was a good over until this delivery, with just one run off five balls  Yash Dayal to Rayudu, 1 run,  Rayudu gives charge looking to go over mid-off and slices it in the air. The ball is well wide of Pandya who charges across from mid-off, puts in a full-length dive to his left but it evades him  Yash Dayal to Gaikwad, , Gaikwad continues in his merry ways! Slower one floated up outside off, Gaikwad spots it, waits for it and swings through the line over mid-off!  Yash Dayal to Rayudu, , now Rayudu joins the party! Slower one around middle and leg, sits up around the waist and Rayudu heaves it over midwicket. Hasn't quite middled it, but has got enough to clear the midwicket boundary  Joshua Little to Gaikwad, , oh no, ! Excellent effort at the midwicket boundary from him. He catches it and flicks it in the air before going over the ropes. But as he lands, he hurts his right knee and seems to be in a lot of trouble. The physio is attending to him outside the boundary. A slower length ball, Gaikwad whacks it