 is attending to him outside the boundary. A slower length ball, Gaikwad whacks it across the line, goes flat to Williamson who does so well to toss it back inside before the mishap occurs. The ball rolls into the boundary Joshua Little to Rayudu,  Bowled!! Gives the charge to slog and is cleaned up! A full delivery that tails away, Rayudu looks to swing down the ground but is beaten on the edge. It clatters into the stumps.  Hardik Pandya to Shivam Dube, leg byes, , not a great delivery by Hardik Pandya. Short ball on leg and it clips Shivam Dube's thigh pad and races away to the fine leg fence in a canter. Hardik Pandya hasn't been up to the mark tonight, and even he knows that  Rashid Khan to Gaikwad, , welcome back into the attack Mr. Rashid. A short ball by him, googly and Gaikwad rocks back to hammer the pull over wide long-on for a flat six  Rashid Khan to Shivam Dube, byes, 1 run, 98 clicks, quicker leg-break, Shivam Dube swings and misses, was really close to kissing the leg-stump  Alzarri Joseph to Gaikwad,  Caught by Shubman Gill!! So near, yet so far. That was a pretty high full toss, but just below the waist as confirmed by the third umpire. It was dipping in. Gaikwad was looking to whack that away to the fence, but couldn't middle it. Gill at long-on is quick to charge in as he completes a pretty impressive catch diving forward. End of a spectacular knock for Gaikwad. Some of those shots were simply outstanding. The change of bats results in his downfall.  Alzarri Joseph to Jadeja,  Caught by Shankar!! Straight to deep mid-wicket. A full length delivery on middle and leg, and Jadeja flicks it stylishly. Gets enough elevation, but not the required distance. Wasn't that easy a catch, but Vijay Shankar stationed near the boundary makes it look like one. Reverse cups it and that's that for RJ for tonight.  Shami to Shivam Dube, 2 runs,  Goes for a pull against this short ball, gets a top edge towards fine leg though. Saha sprints back and puts in a dive, but that's out of his reach, good try by the keeper  Shami to Shivam Dube, , that is what was missing! Shivam Dube finally strikes one, right off the meat. Shami goes short and hammers the pull over the leg-side for a clean six. Would have been one on any ground  Shami to Shivam Dube,  Caught by Rashid Khan!! Shami's a strike bowler and he'll continue to be one. That's a comeback you can expect from him. Conceded a six against a short ball just on the last ball, and he challenges the batter with another short one. Shivam Dube goes for a pull just like he did on the last ball, but this time he ends up getting a top edge. Straight to Rashid at deep square leg and he's not going to miss out on those.   Joshua Little to Dhoni, ,  Doesn't disappoint his fans and those chants. Typical Dhoni. Back of a length delivery by Joshua Little and the boss has dispatched this over deep square with a ferocious pull. The crowd goes even louder, even wilder  Joshua Little to Dhoni, , and now Hardik Pandya looks annoyed, not at all happy. This was on the pads and MSD flicked it over square leg for a boundary, no one in the deep so there was no chance to stop it  Tushar Deshpande to Saha, ,  Back of a length delivery around middle, slight away seam, Saha looks to swipe it across the line and the top edge flies over third man, just eludes the fielder stationed near the boundary  Tushar Deshpande to Saha, , short ball by Tushar Deshpande, and Saha pulls it over mid-wicket for four runs. Tushar Deshpande gives the batter a stare, but he's the one under pressure  Tushar Deshpande to Shubman Gill, , forehand smash! Stands tall and whips this short of a length delivery through mid-wicket, right into the gap and that's a boundary  Chahar to Saha, ,  Saha latches on to it and smokes it over deep square leg with a clean pull shot  RS Hangargekar to Saha, ,  Dispatches the short ball over mid-wicket with a pull and there's no chance of stopping it RS Hangargekar to Saha,  Caught by Shivam Dube!! Hangargekar strikes in his first over. Saha flashes away from his body against this length ball and the thick outside edge flies towards square third man. Dube sprints across to his right, keeps his eyes on the ball and completes a fantastic catch diving to his right. Saha is waiting on the sidelines to check out for the replays, but it's a clean catch. The opening partnership has been broken, so we can expect a few more wickets over the next few overs. RS Hangargekar to Sai Sudharsan, , the impact player is up and running straightaway! Drifting on the pads and Sai Sudharsan times his flick through square leg for a rollicking boundary to open his account Tushar Deshpande to Shubman Gill, ,  All class. Back of a length delivery around off, Shubman Gill stands tall and punches it on the rise through cover for an authoritative boundary  Tushar Deshpande to Shubman Gill, , here's the Gilly-copter! On a length around middle and leg, stays put and helicopters it over deep mid-wicket in style  Santner to Sai Sudharsan, , shorter delivery around off, Sai Sudharsan rocks back and spanks it over cover for four runs  Santner to Shubman Gill, , fraction short outside off, Shubman Gill rocks back and carves it through backward point to end the powerplay with a boundary  Santner to Sai Sudharsan, , too short and on the body. Pulled precisely between deep backward square leg and deep mid-wicket. Sai Sudharsan looking confident with each passing stroke...  Santner to Shubman Gill, , fired full and wide, Gill stepped out and chips it over extra cover into the wide pocket on that side of the field for a boundary  Jadeja to Shubman Gill, 1 run, flat onto leg, clipped towards deep square.   RS Hangargekar to Sai Sudharsan,  Caught by Dhoni!! Gone!! Soft dismissal!! This was a length ball very wide, was the cutter. Sai Sudharsan went chasing to cut and gets a faint underedge