 was the cutter. Sai Sudharsan went chasing to cut and gets a faint underedge that carries through to Dhoni. Sai Sudharsan has a wry smile on his face for playing at that, would have been wide otherwise...Is this CSK's route back in the game?   Jadeja to Shubman Gill, , full and sliding down leg with the arm, Gill gets some bat onto his sweep that takes the ball fine on the leg side. No chance for the fielder in the circle and runs away for four..  Jadeja to Shubman Gill, , wow!! What a hit. This was flat on off, Gill danced out nearly to the pitch of it. Wasn't at it but went through with the inside out slap that goes for a flat six over wide long-off. I0$  Santner to Shubman Gill, 1 run, slow outside off, slapped towards the sweeper and that's 50 for Shubman Gill - a line I've gotten very used to saying on commentary..  Jadeja to Hardik Pandya,  Bowled!! Knocked over!! This was a flat delivery on off that zipped through. Pandya goes for a cross batted sweep and the ball skids through before to take out his off stump. Didn't need to play a risky shot, ends up costing him the wicket today.   RS Hangargekar to Shankar, , short and on the body, Shankar waits and lets it arrive onto him before pulling to the left of fine leg. Well played!  RS Hangargekar to Shubman Gill, , slower bouncer, Gill was early on the pull and top-edges it but luckily for him there is no fine leg in place. The ball ambles away to the fence, another boundary  Tushar Deshpande to Shubman Gill, , good length on the pads, pulled through deep mid-wicket. Ruturaj Gaikwad was there in the deep but he was a few yards in. Runs back hurriedly but only parries it over the boundary ropes  Tushar Deshpande to Shubman Gill,  Caught by Gaikwad!! Action replay delivery and this time Gill is gone. The GT opener goes for the big slap across the line again, but this time gets more elevation than distance. The elevation helps Gaikwad run in from the boundary ropes and complete a fine pouch.   Santner to Shankar, , slow outside off, slapped between deep extra cover and long-off. Both fielders ran towards it and then stopped to look at each other's faces, gifting Shankar a boundary!!  RS Hangargekar to Rahul Tewatia, 1 run, yorker length on off, pushed towards mid-off for a risky single. Tewatia makes it home but the throw was also wide  RS Hangargekar to Shankar, , Hangargekar goes short, Vijay Shankar read the length yesterday and was ready deep in his crease with a side-on stance to whack it over deep mid-wicket for a maximum. Big six!!!  RS Hangargekar to Shankar, no run, full toss outside off. Looked high and pretty wide as well, but umpire doesn't call wide. Vijay Shankar reviews it Hangargekar gets away with it. Just inside the wide line (debatable) and the on-field decision stays!  RS Hangargekar to Shankar,  Caught by Santner!! Big, big wicket!! What an IPL debut this young kid is having. This was an attempted yorker, falls marginally short and Shankar tries to dig it over the infield. Gets enough elevation but not the distance, and a back-tracking Santner always had eyes on the ball to complete a superb reverse cup.   Chahar to Rahul Tewatia, leg byes, , attempted yorker, deflects off the boots and runs away past MS Dhoni's full length dive to his right. Boundary to fine leg!  Chahar to Rashid Khan, , Oh my goodness!! This was a slower one that was pitched up, Rashid Khan clears his front leg and gives it an almighty slog over deep mid-wicket. That was his first ball, would you believe it?  Chahar to Rashid Khan, , short on off, Rashid Khan gets it off the bottom and it flies over short third for a boundary. One bounce and into the fence. Game sealed?  Tushar Deshpande to Rahul Tewatia, , that should seal it!! This was full outside off, Tewatia shuffled across his stumps, gets under the ball and hoists his drive over mid-off. Sails all the way for six. Scores are level  Tushar Deshpande to Rahul Tewatia, , he's done it again!! New season, same old Rahul Tewatia. Tushar Deshpande dishes out a yorker, Tewatia slams it straight as an arrow down the ground for four. Didn't even bother running, points his fingers towards the sky and then extends his arms in celebration, as if to ask if the game was ever in doubt with him in the middle!! The Champions are off to a winning start... 